Document testing pull requests (#49)
theforeman/actions: README.md

      matrix_exclude: '[{"ruby": "2.5", "node": "10"}, {"ruby": "2.5", "node": "12"}]'
```

> You can adjust this by adding another matrix:

Reviewer: By dropping the line above, the "this" makes no sense anymore.

How about
```suggestion
You can run tests against multiple Foreman versions by using a matrix:
```

Author: Done
